Good afternoon and welcome to this Molecular Tumor Board session. My name is Valentina Rennell. I'm a medical oncologist. Elias is usually bought in Mettawa and I'll be moderating this session with esteemed panelists. So we are going to present a few cases. We have prepared the menu and then the number will depend on on the time and the discussions we're going to have. So the format is going to be introductions first and then like 5 minutes to present molecular tumor boards in general. And then we'll start with our cases. We are going to leave the chance to have a couple of questions after every case. So just to these are my disclosure information. One is relevant to this session as I received the funding to my institution within an academic program to set up a national molecular tumor board in Belgium. So these are your panels today. So we can start with the introductions. So Emery, my name is Emery Dickerson. I'm a anatomic and molecular pathologist at the UVA medical Center, where we do a lot of personalized medicine, precision genomics testing, and we do that across all tumor types. And I'm also personally a breast cancer survivor. So I have a vested interest in all of these things. Samson. I'm Jaylen Profeta. I'm the vice president for cancer biomarker development at YMCA. I'm a card caring pathologist. But then out of necessity, rather than by design, I had to retrain as a computational biologist, struck by informatician, now morphed into an AI person. Prior to joining YMCA, I was the chief of experimental pathology at Harford Memorial Hospital Pitzer College. Adaline, such a pleasure to be here with you today. Hi, Efrain Hiramatsu, I'm a medical oncologist at the Honor Health in Coulter, and I direct our cancer genomics program. Alexus, Hi. I'm Alexus Borgnino. I'm a breast medical oncologist at Dignity Health. And there I have a translational lab looking at using circulating tumor DNA to guide therapy for patients with breast cancer. And I also help direct the precision medicine initiative for our group and also have to lead the molecular tumor board at Vanderbilt Medical Center. And I'm Carmen Konishi, a patient advocate from Accomac, VA. I was diagnosed with breast cancer 28 years ago, prostate cancer about five years ago, and I have to check 2 mutation. Thank you. So white tumor boards, molecular tumor boards are are a setting where we discuss treatments and molecular results, but they're also an educational opportunity. And you can see in the slide from a paper published a few years ago that when they did a survey about the confidence of using genomic tests in practice, confidence was quite high when you use single gene tests. But this is something we rarely use now in our clinics. And we move to next generation sequencing and using commercially available multi marker somatic panels, you see confidence decreases. And then if in the future we get to hold genome or exome sequencing in our clinics, the confidence is going to be very low for practicing oncologist. Thus the importance of molecular tumor boards. Now what do we discuss at the molecular tumor board? So these are the elements of genomic testing. First of all, we need to know the test characteristics. Is it, is it a single gene or multi gene test? Do we look at hotspots? There are some QC metrics that show robustness and validity such as cellularity and other aspects. The sample type, is this a tissue biopsy? Is this a plasma sample or liquid biopsy? And then when we get the mutations, their significance, are there somatic or germline, meaning hereditary? And then you have different types of genomic alterations, the signature that variants, the copy number variants and the fusions. And we have the chance to discuss them today. Now, how does a molecular tumor board work? So the aim is to identify and discuss potential therapeutic strategies based on genomic and genetic analysis. And this is a multidisciplinary discussion. We don't only look at the molecular characteristics, but also at the patient characteristics, including performance status, comorbidities, but also drug, drug interactions. And then we issue a molecular tumor board report that should have the patient identification, the molecular test characteristics, the sample info, all classes of identified molecular alterations, and then an interpretation. Now who should sit on a molecular tumor board? And I think there are differences between institutions and between countries, but this is not an extensive list. So a medical oncologist, we know that now we are sub specialized. So sub specialities whenever relevant, pathologist, geneticist, bioinformatician when needed, molecular biologist, pharmacist, ethicist, scientists and physicians with molecular expertise, study coordinators because this is an opportunity to enroll patients in genotype driven clinical trials students as a educational opportunity. And then Carmen, this is something I think you'd find interesting. So in Spain they have a program called HOPE where patients drive their molecular test. They they make the request and they are have currently an amendment where the patient will also sit on the molecular tumor board when their case is is discussed. Now to do this interpretation, you, you have a lot of databases for looking at the pathogenity, pathogenicity of a variant, but also to try to link variants with the drugs and the clinical trials. And this could be a lot of work, but this is now being streamlined with the development of tools optimizing virtual molecular tumor boards. This can be a platform for presentation, but also some tools that incorporate all these databases. I don't know, Todd, if you want to comment on that. Yes, thank you so much. It's such an interesting opportunity now given the development of these large language models that allow for the identification, you can integrate all of this information, these different databases and even interact with the physicians as well. I think that the opportunities to democratize the access to molecular tumor boards in a really effective manner will be enhanced by the developments in the AI world. So watch this space. I think this is coming together in a really exciting manner. Thank you, Todd. And then finally we need to look at the what's, what data is out there, the levels of evidence. So there are multiple tools now to rank the genomic alterations that we find because a genomic alteration is important, the context is also important and the evidence that we have collected and at this study in metastatic breast cancer called Saphiro 2, the earning is is when you target molecular alteration with a high level of evidence. And in this study they used the asthma scale that is called ASCAT. So level 1 and level 2, these are the highest levels of evidence for molecular alteration. You see that the patient outcome is better. So you have a prolonged progression free survival when you use doctor therapy versus standard of care. Whilst if you use genomic alterations that are with less levels of evidence, there was no difference in the study. So with that we can maybe go to our our cases. So the first case is a case of hormone receptor positive her two negative metastatic breast cancer with multiple genomic alterations. So we are going to discuss the impact on first line therapy, how do we prioritize target but also the the input of liquid biopsies. So the patient is a 60 year old lady who was diagnosed in 2013 was invasive of doctor lucero PT2 and zero grade 2 estrogen receptor positive, PR negative, her two negative. She had surgery, she had adjuvant chemotherapy effect for followed by dositaxel and was on an aromatase inhibitor letrozole as adjuvant therapy. And in 2016, she presented with metastatic relapse in the liver and the bones. And you can see here images from the CT scan and you see the multiple liver meds. So I would like first to ask a question to to Todd. So how important is a biopsy here from the from the from the perspective of understanding evolution here? It can be incredibly informative given the that the heterogeneity of tumor with this profile we starting from from that baseline of the BNER positive but relatively high proliferation, we can expect that there will be some degree of genetic instability that can result in heterogeneity. So having a sampling of tumor DNA here would be important through a biopsy here or in this case through more comprehensive sequencing by plasma DNA as well. So, so this patient had the had the liquid biopsy. And do you see in the slide the how we can use liquid biopsies based on circulating tumor DNA? We're not going to discuss today early cancer detection, but this is something to watch out for the future. It's it's in a very important space for screening for cancer. You can also use the surveillance for micro metastatic disease after the end of adjuvant therapy. And what we're interested here is the treatment selection and response monitoring and treatment selection, meaning that we can identify these alterations in DNA from from plasma. So maybe a question for for, for you, Yadira. So can you base your treatment mainly on a liquid biopsy without performing tissue biopsy? What's your take on that? I think in general, yes, but it depends a little bit about specifically what alteration you're looking for. I think there are certain types of alterations that are easier to detect in liquid biopsy or in tissue sequencing compared to liquid biopsy. So specifically thinking about P10 loss is very difficult to detect in liquid biopsy. But in this case with these two targetable alterations that were detected, I think that that's probably sufficient. I would say the other place where we sometimes run into problems is if there's a low circulating tumor levels in the liquid biopsy. And so then if you're not detecting something, that doesn't necessarily mean that it's not there. And then I would maybe want to pursue a tumor tissue sequencing at that time. And I think this is such an important point that an A negative result depending on the limit of detection of the RCA being used does not equate with the absence of that molecular alteration in cancer cells. And we have to separate the those two concepts. A positive result has one level of significance in terms of treating the patient. Here the absence depending on the levels of CTDNA in the plasma may not mean the absence of the alteration may be the absence of detectable CTDNA with that sampling with that assay. So we need to have this very clear in our minds. And I have a question to Amir. So the advent of liquid biopsies, is this a game changer for patients? How, how do patients feel about that? I think patients are excited about it, but we're also wary just in terms of not quite knowing when it's really ready for prime time. I think it has exciting information, but we're looking towards our oncologist really guide us with with with how to use that information. So liquid biopsy was performed using next generation sequencing panel and two alterations were identified, a mutation in SR1, which is a gene coding the estrogen receptor and the mutation in peaks three CA. So Braylon, can you guide us through the results? So what does the numbers mean after? Sure. So I'll start by saying that what you're seeing here for ESR 1P dot D538G, that P dot refers to the protein coding sequence. So in the parlance of molecular diagnostics, AP dot is a protein change and AC dot is a coding mRNA change. And so you might see those on all of the reports that that come out. And it's important to understand that the C dot is there in large part for people like me to be able to read in my lab, to be able to look down to the level of the individual nucleic acid. So if I'm testing a comparator sample, it's possible to get ESR 1 mutation with the same P dot mutation but different C dot mutation. So both of those pieces of information are important. These are both single nucleotide variations and both of them are known to be activating. And the VAFF that's listed here at 5.9 and 13.1 is the proportion of all of the reads in the assay that are showing the mutation. And I think it's really important to understand that VAFF can be very useful to infer pieces of information, but it's also very easy to over interpret VAFF and draw more meaning out of it then might be there. So I think interpreting VAFF is actually very nuanced and is something that often times the data that comes out in the report doesn't give you enough information to fully interpret what a VAFF might mean. Thank you. So Terry, now going to, so this is a patient with a hormone receptor positive or two negative metastatic breast cancer that relapsed 3 years after starting adjuvant letrozole. Would these results impact your first line in therapy? Yeah, so definitely. I mean, I think it's important to know this information. Perhaps it's not entirely surprising particularly the ESR one variant given that this patient is relapsing on letrozole. I think there are a few important clinical considerations. First of all, we want to know how well the patient is clinically, what their liver function is because the scan that you showed showed pretty extensive metastatic disease. The clinical course is important as well as a patient who had a relatively low risk breast cancer, T2 and zero was treated with an anthracycline taxing chemotherapy, then had adjuvant endocrine therapy and is now relapsing about three years after diagnosis. So that tells you something about the biology potential endocrine resistance. So in this case with the ESR mutation having relapsed on letrozole, you would avoid, if you were choosing endocrine therapy, another aromatase inhibitor and would prefer a selective estrogen receptor degrader like fulvestrant. I think the standard of care would be to consider AC DK46 inhibitor as well. And now there's recently a drug approval and this patient would have been eligible for the Nava 120 trial to also consider Innovolosive, which is a alpha selective PI3 kinase inhibitor that also is a mutant degrader. So those provided that the patient was well and had adequate liver function, those would be my thoughts in this situation. OK, thank you. Yeah. So those were the questions. So well based on the guidelines the patients would had received the endocrine therapy and SDK 46 inhibitor as Terry said, so that the naval data is not yet in the treatment guidelines at least for ESMO, I think it was recently FDA approved and upon progression what what would you do? I would sequence again, I would get another liquid biopsy and see if there are any potentially new emerging mechanisms of resistance and then think about enrollment on a clinical trial. OK, So just put a slide about some of the data we have on the mutation. So ESR 1 mutations in the second line setting can also make patients eligible for treatment with the novel oral certs. So L assessment was approved by the FDA a few years ago. And yesterday we saw the data from from Amber 3. And then I also put the data coming from the Solar one study which got alpelisib approved. And I chose this slide because this shows you that you can be confident in the result of a PTC mutation coming from a liquid biopsy and you, you get the the same benefit. So when you have different alterations, how do you and this, this is question for for Sofia and Deacon, how, how do you prioritize which one to, to target first? Well, I think you consider the patient context and then you look at the concept of clinical action abilities. So you want to know which mutations are really biologically important and which are associated with predictive benefit from a drug. So in this situation, you have two potential level 1 alterations that have been identified with the circulating tumor DNA test that can inform your decision making. As much as we can. I like to try to combine things. So that's why I like clinical trials where you're doing combinations indeed. So I chose the slide from the number one study. So this was a phase one study testing the novel third immunestrant where there was a combination of immunestrant and alpalisy, which was quite, quite active. So I don't know if there are any questions regarding this case from the from the audience. We have a couple of questions online. So I'll, I'll go to the online question. So one question is, are we worried that this patient may have lost the RPR expression? So should we push for a, for a biopsy? And I think you, you discussed that Davis, in the evolution we do observe small but significant proportion of patients that actually evolved to become not estrogen receptor positive anymore or dependent anymore. And I think it's very important as it was mentioned before that we understand what is the, what's the trajectory of the progression because there are multiple ways that the breast cancer near positive breast cancer can become resistant after all these lines of treatment that we are opting to have here. And the second question, so I would say this would be for Patricia and Davis also. So when you see multiple clones on liquid biopsy, do you know which one is actually the driver mutation? Can we assume the one with the highest percentage as the driver, the short and the long, just having the vaft there? No, yeah, I I agree. I think it's very hard to extrapolate VAF into assumptions about clonality. You know, on 1st pass for the case we're talking about, you could say, Oh well, the pick three CA is the driver and the ESR one is subclonal. That's entirely possible. But there are alternate explanations for those vast distributions that you really can't exclude. So I think it's important to understand that when you're thinking about a heterogeneous disease, that all of the ways that heterogeneity can contribute to variable numbers can can be true at an individual site of disease and in the periphery. And I think it's very important for us to acknowledge here that to understand the clonality would need to derive local copy number information employed and based on a city DNA assay. This is by no means a trivial task. Yeah. So I think extrapolating that in a context exactly like this case to say this is clonal, this is subclonal would be very, very challenging. Thank you. And there are many questions, but I think I'm, I'm going to ask a last one. So can you use the variant any frequency to monitor response? Again, I I really struggle to suggest that monitoring VAF in isolation can be the best approach. I think when you're putting it in the context of other pieces of information, it is another piece of data that you can use. But again, this, this concept of global heterogeneity I think can really contribute to VAF being a confounder as opposed to something that is very straightforward. You know, the example of meeting local copy number plots I think is really important because you know using this pick three CA example, if one site of disease has pick three CA mutation and amplification, then you're completely shifting the VAFF profile in a way that isn't really reflective of the global disease as as much as it is that one site one thinking the other way around, I think on chromosome 6 there is a duplication of the wild type chromosome 6. You look this here the SR1 mutation, it looks lower F, but it does not mean that less cells. I think one point interesting concept however, that is becoming more and more adopted is the idea that of molecular responses versus CTDNA fraction when you can calculate that CTDNA fraction, which is still not a trivial task depending on the footprint of your CT DNA assay. Thank you. So we're going to move to case number 2, which is a case of a patient with lobular metastatic breast cancer and a high tumor mutational burden. So this is a 50 year old postmenopausal woman with no family history of breast or ovarian cancer that had that came in for a large left breast mass more than 70 centimeters. The biopsy showed invasive lobular carcinoma, Grade 1 hormone receptor positive, grade two negative was a key 67, less than 10%. Chest X-ray, liver ultrasound and bone scan were negative for metastasis. So this patient was treated with neoadjuvant chemotherapy and toasacins and taxanes and obviously there was no response to this neoadjuvant therapy. At mastectomy there was a tumor. There was still 7 centimeters and 1 positive lymph node. She then had radiotherapy and then 10 years of tamoxifen and switched to an aromatase inhibitor was not tolerated. So I'd like to ask Mustafa a question about the lobular Histology. So how how interesting is that and is it easy to diagnose lobular breast cancer? Lobular carcinoma is the most frequent physiological special type of breast cancer. It's characterized by the so characteristic this cohesiveness of the cancer cells. There are many videos the classical variant presents us infiltrating the breasts trauma a single cell or single cell files, but there are variants of lobler carcinoma as well. Going from the pyomorphic, the solid is the trabecular, the alveola. It's an interesting tumor in terms of reproducibility of the diagnosis. There are several studies now showing that the pure cases of lobular can be diagnosed with let's say a good agreement across pathologists. But there is a number of case, there is a number of cases that where the agreement is far from ideal. And then the utilization of additional immunosochemical assays like CDH one ICAD, urine immunosochemistry can help firm up the diagnosis. As always, in conjunction with the Histology, there's, there are also now approaches based on artificial intelligence to classify lobular Carson with a great deal of accuracy. There was a work by Heriberto Silvestri from Queen Anne Hospital showing that you can attain very high levels of accuracy in the diagnosis of a lobular on the basis of computer vision. So Lilith, would you use a Mama printer Oncotype in this case? So I'm just anticipating a question from online. Lobular breast cancer tends to be less responsive to chemotherapy as was seen in this case where this patient didn't have any response from neoadjuvant chemotherapy. I think it's still within the guidelines to use Oncotype for a patient along these lines, although if it was known to be T3 and one maybe not, but you know, I think the the bang for your buck that you're going to get with chemotherapy is pretty low for a lobular definitely more endocrine therapy. So the patient had the relapse 16 years after the primary tumor diagnosis. And I put a graph below just to show you that hormone receptor positive virtual negative disease, late relapses are not infrequent. And she had ovarian and bone metastasis and she was treated with a combination of letrozole and the CDK 46 inhibitor and disease progression occurred after 20 months. So she got 20 months of her first line therapy with the reactivation of bone lesions and the development of a liver metastasis. Now just a slide to show you that lobular cancer can have different genomic alterations when compared to, to, to doctor. So I, I, I don't know if you want to commend that, Mustafa. Also regarding the differences in doctor and lobular and the number of mutations and the types of mutations you can get. It's indeed interesting. The, the, the most striking difference, which is the, let's say an underpinning cause of this so characteristic, this cohesiveness of Loblaw carcinoma cells is the presence of CDH one ecadurine mutations. And these are usually laws of functional mutations and with the laws of the wild type of liver as well, we see additional alterations that are more frequent in Loblaw carcinoma. But thinking about the luminal genes, there's an enrichment for them. It's not exclusively lobular here. In this context, different studies have highlighted different genes that have a slightly higher prevalence or significantly higher prevalence in lobular In some of the target genes as well that we think like B2 mutations are reported to be more frequent in lobular as well. An important observation however is that the repertoire of mutational signatures in lobular carcinomas appears to be different from the garden variety of let's say Lumino tumors of other histologic types. Thank you. So you, you mentioned her two mutations. So this is a question for you Alonso, did you treat in the metastatic setting differently lobular carcinoma versus doctor? Because in this slide, this was an interesting data coming from study using fulvestrant and naratinib. All patients had the ERB 2 activating mutations, Dr. and lobular. But you would see that in lower breast cancer the response rate seemed a bit higher. Yeah, I mean, I think definitely as you alluded to ERB 2 mutations occur at a higher frequency in lobular cancer, it's about 5% of patients. So these are different from her two or ERBB 2 amplifications. So these are sort of hotspot mutations often that activate the the tyrosine kinase domain of the HER two receptor. So there is single arm data to support that. I think it's also included in the NCCN guidelines. You know the availability of that. I think it's a different question that may differ if using for instance, a her two TKI like neuratinib in combination with fulvestrin plus or minus trastuzumab. So I think it, it certainly does speak to as you highlighted that there are opportunities for precision medicine in patients with lobular cancer. And I think it's important to know some information about whether or not there are any genomic targets that can guide therapy. So, so let's go to the genomic to the genomic data. So this patient had the liver biopsy and then those were the results. So she had the foundation 1 assay. There was a PCCA mutation in the helical domain and then tumor mutational burden of of 33. So maybe, Bart, can you commend the results? Sure. So we see here a pick three CA mutation much like we saw in the last case. I do think it's important to note that there's also AK, Ras mutation here, which when you think about targeted therapy opportunities, a built in bypass mechanism that allows for sustained cellular signaling that would not be impacted by many inhibitors of the PI3 pathway is really, really important. The tumor mutational burden I think is also very interesting here. It's certainly uncommon for breast cancer to have this high of a tumor mutational burden and tumor mutational burden as an assay itself also has some challenges. Although what I will say is that at 33 mutations per mega base, I would expect that any lab that reports tumor mutation burden would would call this a high tumor mutation burden. My first question looking at this high TMB if the frequency of C2 TS, C2TS and C2 GS in this case and to think about table back metagenesis as the underlying cause rather than other causes of an increased tumor mutation burden. Yeah, so, so PPC mutations are quite prevalent in **** receptor positive or to negative disease. Valerie would would there be more frequent and lobular than doctor or the would you believe that the prevalence is the same for PPC mutations? Again, here it depends on the subtype of the, let's say the Lumino subtype. As you can see here in this figure from the TCJ study. If you look at the frequency of PA3C imitation, Lumino A and Lumino B, it's different already. So given that this interrelationship between lobular and and and ductal and the molecular subtypes, you can see a a higher frequency of PIK 3 CA mutation. And if you think about the APOBAC mitogenesis, the APOBAC mitogenesis is associated with the higher frequency of some PIK 3 CA hotspot mutations. You expect a higher frequency in lobules. Thank you. So this patient got full version and Palizi would have been, would that have been your first choice of therapy after CDK for six? So she had 20 months on first line endocrine therapy and the certainly at the time it would have been my first, my first choice. I would have definitely done a second line endocrine based therapy with something to target the three. CAI think now we have other options other than alpacicib. You have CAPIP assertive that was approved in the United States. So today I may have a slightly different choice, but at the time, yes, I would have done a policy. And then Rickie, I put the soy lollipop plot because this is something we discussed with Martha prior to the to the sessions. We would like to comment on the different variants. Yeah. So on the right here you see a plot of pick three CA mutations and the portions of it that are above the the protein structure are the pick three CA variants that are approved related to alpelisib. And I think what's important about this is that there's a number of known activating mutations that are on the bottom half of this chart and those were not included in the approval. And so different drugs have different Spectra of mutations that are considered cognate for different drugs. So Alpelis have specifically the trial that the registration trial included a smaller number of mutations. And for the newer drugs that are looking more at pathway alterations, the number of mutations has been more inclusive. So, you know, do I have biologic reason to think that one of these mutations on the bottom would be less responsive to alpelisib? No, I don't have biological reason to think that, but we don't have empiric proof from the level of the registrational studies. Thanks. And Marco, would that impact your choice between gapivacertium and alpelisib, the type of variant? Yeah, I mean, I think as was alluded to by the other speakers, it's obviously important to look at what the variants are and whether or not they're included in the drug label. I think the other point that I would highlight, which is sort of the next generation of PI3 kinase targeted drugs that has entered the clinic and is in early phase clinical trials is that these are now mutant selected inhibitors. So one of the challenge with PI3 kinase inhibitors has been the therapeutic index in terms of really sort of trying to drive inhibition of PI3 kinase and the effect on the wild type isoform which can lead to hyperglycemia and other side effects. So these newer inhibitors may offer opportunities to hit the pathway sort of harder and present opportunities with different combinations with endocrine partners or others that that may add to sort of different tools in our our therapeutic armamentarium. But you know, time will tell with clinical trials that it will be started whether or not these are any better than the sort of 1st and 2nd generation of of drugs that also inhibit the wild type isoform. A question that I had here as I alluded to in the molecular report that was that Ras mutation G12, not the traditional hotspot mutation, but it's a hotspot codon. How do you interpret this collectively here as an oncologist? So as an oncologist, I would, I would go back to, to the papers I've read mainly from, from the group at Desert Springs Hospital that actually presented K Ras as a mechanism of endocrine resistance. So I would say this might have been the variant that was responsible for the relapse. But then I yeah, so, so we did the full vestrant and alpelzibai at the time and I and maybe still now I, I don't know how this impacts response. So obviously the patient had five months of full version and dalpelisib, bad tolerance progression of disease. And so the question comes here. So we saw a tumor mutational burden of 33 mutations per MB. So before I ask your opinion, maybe by a show of hands to the audience who would use an immune checkpoint inhibitor? Who would not OK, so maybe everyone from the panel what's what's your take on that? I mean, I had your Invitational burden in a patient with a hormone receptor positive her two negative lobular breast cancer. We see it I guess frequently in lobular. Yeah. So my take I mean the median tumor mutation burden and hormone receptor positive metastatic breast cancer is 3. So this is you know tenfold higher than that. So I think it does catch the attention as Rickey alluded to, would I use assuming I had access to it because there isn't a drug approval in Canada that's tumor agnostic for TMB high. I probably wouldn't in this case because we have other established therapeutic options and the studies that were done were single arm in patients who had, you know, chemo refractory disease. So I think in this case there are other sort of more conventional therapeutic options that I would consider like capsidabine or paclitaxel or you know, potentially also just use my after oxycan if the patient has heard too low before. I would think about using an immune checkpoint inhibit. I think in general, the benefit from immune checkpoint inhibitors in breast cancer has not been as wonderful and exciting as we've seen in things like Melanoma or lung cancer. And I think, you know, what's approved now is just in the triple negative settings. So thinking about what their role for immune checkpoint inhibitors could be in the hormone receptor positive space, I think we really don't have very high levels of evidence or really much evidence at all about what that benefit is. And I think even though immune checkpoint inhibitors are well tolerated compared to chemotherapy, they do come with an entire whole host of their own special side effects. And that's very important we think about what we're exposing our patients to. These are potentially lifelong toxicities that may not resolve after stopping the immunotherapy. And is that worth it? I, I want to see a stronger evidence of benefit before I'm necessarily willing to, to put, put that on, you know, outside of a clinical trial. OK, So, so why was immunotherapy discussed here? So, so TMBI is one of these tissue agnostic approvals and and I put the list here. So MSI high, high TMB, this is for immunotherapy, but that you have the B RAF inhibitors, the anthrax inhibitors and the and the red inhibitor. So Ephraim, I seem to have forgotten you a bit. So the, the, the patient perspective on these approvals that are not linked to a disease like these drugs that you can use in different disease types of. But I, I was just thinking, reflecting that I've been at this conference for about 25 years and each year I know more and I know less and even a very well informed patient will be kind of lost. And you know, it sort of gets back to the issue of trust. We have to trust our oncologist to guidance to guide us through a very nuanced set of information now. OK, So I also asked you this question and do you speak about trust because well, if I remember, I'm going to look at the next slides, but this patient didn't want chemotherapy and AD CS were not available at the time. So we had a long discussion. There was a clinical trial with a immune checkpoint inhibitor. So this was a bit of a shared decision making and I think that's quite important. Unfortunately, she did not respond to, so the tumor did not respond to to therapy. And this is also a discussion we've had this morning, Kali. So do you want to comment on TMB high and different disease types? So I had a few slides coming. So it was, it's has been shown to be more prevalent in lobular. There was this basket study that showed that patients tumors could respond to mean checkpoint inhibitors. And when you see the colour codes, you see that the responses were both in triple negative and hormone receptor positive. And then there was this paper that came out a few years ago and then I was on called you that showed you that actually it's it's not the same different disease type. So did you can you comment that on that, Kali? Yeah. So I think the next slide shows a little bit about the different assays for tumor mutation burden. And this is from a a well known study looking at multiple institutions and their tumor mutation burden readouts. And one of the things I think that's important to draw attention to here is that you're looking at a linearity across a very wide range. And if you actually zoom in on regions of these charts, what you find is that the agreement at the low end and at the very high end is actually quite high. And that this variability that we see in TMB assessment really tends to hover around the intermediate area, the Gray zone of TMB high. And you know, I would argue that this is not an indicator that the testing is variable. I would suggest that this tells us that we don't understand the biology fully yet. And so the fact that there is this intermediate zone, this Gray zone that happens to be right around where the cut point is, that means that we're really not yet fully fleshed out in understanding what this. Measure means biologically and in terms of using this as a as a therapeutic decision point, I think treating ATMB value in isolation of all of the other pieces of information has some risk associated with it. And like Lukas said, you know, there are other reasons you can have a high tumor mutation burden. And if this is an APOBAC signature alteration that might not, you know, comport with the common neo antigen presentation hypothesis of why TMB is associated with a response to immunotherapy. So I think TMB is a tool, but it's a fairly blunt tool for a very fine decision and I would agree with that 100%. And I think we always have to try and understand what is the meaning of a surrogate that we have because the surrogate provided by term mutation, but and can stem from many different biological causes. And when we think in terms of well, let's say colorectal cancer, MSI high in endometrial, MSI high in poorly mutations. But here in the context of breast, work from Georgetown University Hospital parties team and Aries Cavanagh showed that the majority of lobulus luminal tumors you have positive tumors, lobulus with a high or very high tumor rotation burden. The majority of these cases have as an underlying cause apobecmentogenesis. So then we we are, we are then trying to equate what we see in other tumor types as the cause of the increased new antigens or in mutations in another tumor types be MSI or Poly with hypoback mutagenesis. And it's, it's, it's challenging. I'm not saying that this should be discounted, but as discussed here, it needs to be taken into account with all of the other variables that we have for the tumor and the patient. Thank you. OK, So it's going to be our final case. Since we're in the interest of time, we're going to discuss it and discuss the objectives of this case. So it's a patient with metastatic triple negative breast cancer with a somatic BRCA 1 mutation. So a young premenopausal woman, 35 years old with a family history of breast cancer after pregnancy, she had a triple negative breast cancer that was early stage. She got a new adjuvant chemotherapy which was standard at the time of the case. You see those dents followed by packet Taxol. She had residual disease and she had metastatic relapse 18 months after the last chemotherapy cycle, which was 3 long nodules. The disease was the biopsy was triple negative. PDL one at the time was not tested and those are the treatments she had in the metastatic settings. She was in another institution where they performed surgery. And then she was enrolled in Keynote 355, the phase three study that got pembrolism approved. She got a partial response. She had the brain lesion that was treated with SRS. She had capecitabine, she had the ribiline. And then she stayed 10 months on a study with a combination of talazoparib and the bromodomain inhibitor. So talazoparib is a PARP inhibitor and the study was recruiting patients without germline Bracha 1, Bracha 2 mutations and you can see here the response she had before disease progression 10 months later. And actually the rationale for the this combination was that the bromodomine inhibitor would down regulate Bracha 1 and Red 51 rendering the patient's the tumors sensitive to PARP inhibition. And actually there was nice, I think the response rate in the study was 30%. But then with the advent of sensitism of gravitic and the development of this combination stopped. Now we analyzed a long biopsy later after progression and there we found was what was described as a BRCA 1 somatic mutation because the the patient had germline testing which was negative and then we tested again for the for the same variance. So I don't know, Cicely, if you want to commend germline the the somatic BRCA mutations. And so, yeah, so one of the things I think to consider here is given the strong family history and this bath, the repeat testing I think is very reasonable to, you know, query again whether or not this might be a germline alteration. Another consideration and, and I really think this is where you need to bring in genetic counselors is whether this could be a germline mosaic condition. And you know it, it gets really challenging because with a matrilineal history, it's a little harder to invoke a mosaic condition, but it's not unheard of. And so I think the question for somebody who is young with a strong family history in the setting of a negative routine germline assessment, I think querying somatic mosaicism or germline mosaicism is, is an important consideration. So I think another impact here is it's an ethical issue also. So when we at least where I work, we patients sign in from consent form before doing genomic profiling because we can have incidental findings that could be germline. So question for you, Karissa. So does this mutation has have any therapeutic implications? I mean, your group published a paper on a case that's quite similar. So what would you use a therapy for these patients? I mean, she had telesopra. If she responded was did she respond because of this BRCA 1 mutation or thanks to this BRCA 1 mutation? I would, I would think so. So from TBCRCO 4/4 was a study looking at the efficacy of PARP inhibitors in patients who had other HRD mutations other than germline bracket one and bracket 2. So that included somatic bracket one and bracket 2 and then also germline PAL B2. And they did show, Oh yeah, thank you. They showed very nice responses in those particularly striking in the germline PAL B2, but also seen in patients who had somatic bracket one and bracket 2 mutation. So based on, on that data, I, I would have used a PARP inhibitor for this patient. And I, I do think and we never know 100% for sure what is the cause and effect of everything we see. But I do think that the benefit that she got out of telesopra probably was related to the bracket mutation and, and regarding mechanisms of resistance. So since this is going to be the the last case, you can maybe discuss some of the mechanisms for resistance to to PARP inhibitors now and these reversion mutations. Yeah, so there's a number of different known mechanisms of resistance to PARP inhibitors. One of the ones that's seen more commonly is this idea of reversion mutations. So for particularly for germline BRCA 1, BRCA 2 and probably 2 mutations, we've seen that the cancer will mutate in such a way that the original mutation which most commonly causes premature step codon is sort of taken out and put back into frame. So then you have continuation. So that restores the protein and restores the efficacy of the homologous recombination repair and pathway. And so then patients become our tumors rather become resistant to PARP inhibitors. But there's several other mechanisms of resistance to a PARP inhibitor as well. And so it's important when you have a patient like this who had done well on a PARP inhibitor, had a good response and then develops resistance that you're querying to try to figure out exactly what that mechanism is. Thank you. So maybe we have just time for one final question before closing the session. Is there a question? So I'll take the final question from online. So this is maybe for anyone in the panel could answer. So how often would you repeat testing? Maybe Roosevelt you can start, How often would you repeat testing over the course of a disease? Yeah, that's a great question. I think it depends on the clinical context. It also depends on the access to testing, the type of testing and how that's going to inform clinical decision making. I mean, if I, you know, in an ideal world, I think you would have, you know, frequent ability to reassess because we're seeing how quickly at these conferences, you know, the field is changing and there are new therapeutic opportunities. And in particular, liquid biopsy testing and some of the advances around genomic characterization of those tests, I think can offer opportunities for non invasive diagnosis because in the clinical context, it's often challenging, not, not not withstanding the potential risk to the patient of getting a biopsy, but also organizing those types of tests, getting back a result. There is some advantage to having liquid biopsy testing where, you know, blood sampling can be done at a local clinic or closer to where patients live. And then you get a result back pretty quickly that that that you can use to to inform your decision making. And sometimes some of these resistance alterations show up before patients have clinical progression as well. Thank you, Jess. So with this comment, we're going to close the session. So thank you for your attendance and the rest of the cases are available in the slide set that you can download. Thank you very much and thank you for the panelists. In the early setting, you don't need to get one.